Support unit test depending on an app extension (#6561)
tuist/tuist: fixtures/ios_app_with_extension_having_unit_test/README.md

# iOS app with extensions having unit test target

> Sample iOS application with extension target having unit test target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sample iOS application with extension target and a unit test target.
```
